Strangways, the British Intelligence (SIS) Station Chief in Jamaica, is killed. In response, British agent James Bond—also
known as 007—is sent to Jamaica to investigate the circumstances. During his investigation Bond meets Quarrel, a Cayman fisherman,
who had been working with Strangways around the nearby islands to collect mineral samples. One of the islands was Crab Key, home 
to the reclusive Dr. No.Bond visits the island, where he meets a local shell diver, Honey Ryder. The three are attacked by No's men, 
who kill Quarrel using a flame-throwing armoured tractor; Bond and Honey are taken prisoner. Dr. No informs them he is a member of 
SPECTRE, the SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion, and he plans to disrupt the Project Mercury 
space launch from Cape Canaveral with his atomic-powered radio beam. Bond and Honey escape from the island, killing No and blowing up 
his lair in the process.

NEXTBond investigates North Korean Colonel Tan-Sun Moon, who is illegally trading African conflict diamonds for weapons. Moon is apparently
killed and Bond is captured and tortured for 14 months, after which he is exchanged for Zao, Moon's assistant. Despite being suspended
on his return, he decides to complete his mission and tracks down Zao to a gene therapy clinic, where patients can have their appearances
altered through DNA restructuring. Zao escapes, but the trail leads to British billionaire Gustav Graves. Graves unveils a mirror satellite,
"Icarus", which is able to focus solar energy on a small area and provide year-round sunshine for crop development. Bond discovers Moon has 
also undergone the gene therapy and has assumed the identity of Graves. Bond then exposes Moon's plan: to use the Icarus to cut a path 
through the Korean Demilitarized Zone with concentrated sunlight, allowing North Korean troops to invade South Korea and reunite the 
countries through force. Bond disables the Icarus controls, kills Moon and stops the invasion.

NEXTIn the aftermath of Raoul Silva's attack on MI6, a cryptic message sets in motion events that will see James Bond come face-to-face 
with the sinister organisation known as SPECTRE. As Gareth Mallory, the newly appointed M, continues fighting political pressures 
that threaten the future of MI6, Bond follows a trail from Mexico to Austria and Morocco as he is drawn into a confrontation with 
an enemy from his past; one who holds a dangerous secret that will force him to question the value of everything he has fought to protect.

NEXTBond investigates the sinking of a British warship in Chinese waters, the theft of one of the ship's cruise missiles—and the shooting 
down of a Chinese fighter plane. He uncovers a link to media mogul Elliot Carver which suggests that Carver had purchased a GPS encoder
on the black market. Bond encounters Chinese agent Wai Lin, who is also investigating the matter and the two agree to work together. 
They discover that Carver had used the GPS encoder to push the British ship off course and into Chinese waters to incite a war for 
ratings. With the British fleet on their way to China, Bond and Wai Lin find Carver's stealth ship, board it and prevent the firing 
of a British cruise missile at Beijing. They blow a hole in the ship, exposing it to radar, leading to its sinking averting war 
between Britain and China.
             